# Artist Statement

Write your artist statement in this file (max 500 words).

What is timeless attraction? I was wondering was there something keep changing but still attractive to everyone. Future, this is the first word that pops into my head. No matter in which century, no matter it is based on divination, science or just pure imagination, people cannot stop think about the future world. Some people might think that the imagination of future world is mostly the same, but in different time periods there were different art styles to describe the future and all of them are related to the ‘present’ in that time. It is pretty interesting that people did not abandon the past ‘future’ while they are developing new ‘future’, the past ‘futures’ now look like parallel worlds that attach to our reality world.  Which gives me an idea to interpret the main theme ‘timeless attraction’.

The idea of main scene is to create an image of few world lines and a point to present ‘now’, as time goes by the point is moving forward follow the current world line, and users can explore different worlds, there are two options that users can choose, the world of steampunk and cyberpunk. Those are all very typical future punk styles and have unique icons that can be presented in the scene. First, I start thinking about finding some extra assets online, but it can never match my ideal, so I choose to use hand drawing, the benefit of using hand drawing is that it is the best way to present the idea of ‘my imagination of the future’ even in the end it is not professional enough. And I hope people can enjoy different worlds and explore their imagination of the future world.

The key elements of steampunk for me are gears, steam and zeppelin, the time element in this scene is a big golden analog clock, overall steampunk is a very romantic and classic theme. And personally, I think it is also a positive theme behind its gloomy outlook, so I give the scene a sense of hope while the scene is moving up to the lights and the background music goes to the climax. 

The key elements of cyberpunk for me are neon lights, rainy day and its unique color combination, the time element in this scene is a cyberpunk style digital clock, it is a very dynamic and powerful theme. But science cyberpunk is actually ‘high tech, low life’, so the actual meaning behind its dynamic is oppression which the opposite of last steampunk world. To express the oppression, I added a doodle smile face that looking at another side of bridge and the background music is also quicker than steampunk world.

I want to make the whole output more like movie style, and I also want people to dive into my imagination of different future worlds. Overall, I hope my artwork can show a harmony between the classical style hand drawing and interaction features, so people can earlier enjoy a vivid world that I imaged. 
