# Interaction Statement

Write your interaction statement here (max 500 words).

My main theme is ‘the imagination of future world’, which is extremely related to the ‘time’ element, so I put different triggers related to time and help users to travel between different worlds, but beside this I also put some extra elements to interact with the audiences to help them dive into the world. 

The first scene is world line scene. First, some sentences will appear follow the beats of background music, explaining my idea of timeless attraction and the ‘rules’. The interaction part by using music and text is that the text timing is based on the music beats, so that audiences will have a guess that there will be another text in few seconds, and it will also avoid the text part become long and boring. The interaction by using the mouse is simply drag and click the circle attach to the world line, the idea is to give audiences a sense of traveling between different worlds. 

The second scene is steampunk scene. It will appear when player click the circle on the left world line, it starts will a sound of steam train to remind audience that the scene has begun, it will also bring a feeling of the mist is gone and a sense of hope. Audience can click the clock in the middle to push the time. After the clock is clicked, the scene will be moving up and back to the first scene. There will be no more complex interaction features by using mouse or keyboard, the main idea is to enjoy the scene just like watching a movie.

The third scene is cyberpunk scene. It will appear when player click the circle on the right world line, and the background music I picked is quite motivating and dark. The interaction part by using mouse is also clicking the digital clock in the middle and back to the main scene. Overall, in this scene, you can image you are wearing a headset, standing in rain, and watching the enemies in the other side.

During my developing, I removed few previous ideas like making the scene pause or interacting with some environment objects, the reason I did not add those interaction elements is that I think time should never stop in my theme, and audience should dive into the world instead of playing the role of gods. You may or may not notice that the key element time will keep counting no matter in which scene, and the only thing that can push the time is the resident of that world which is audience. So, all click interaction parts follows the same rule, clicking present. In the world line scene, the point is presenting the present, in the steampunk world the analog click is present and in the cyberpunk world the digital clock is present. Overall, I think that people should focus on the combination of interaction and themes instead of repeating the meaningless interaction, each interaction should be meaningful to the developer’s main theme.
